## If AuctionHouse's `midPoint` is 0, auctioned collateral will never enter first phase
In the AuctionHouse's [constructor](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-12-ethereumcreditguild/blob/main/src/loan/AuctionHouse.sol#L56-L64), midPoint can be set to 0. That will make the first phase of the auction skip, meaning that an auctioned collateral will always go in at least some loss to the system. This variable should just be prevented from being zero.

## params.maxDelayBetweenPartialRepay should never be zero
In [LendingTerm.partialRepayDelayPassed](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-12-ethereumcreditguild/blob/main/src/loan/LendingTerm.sol#L241), the code makes it return false if maxDelayBetweenPartialRepay is set to 0, which stands to reason. However, due to this, that value will prevent anyone from calling an underwater loan, unless the entire gauge gets deprecated, which seems pretty drastic. We recommend never to allow this parameter to be zero, considering how easy it is to get bad debt and require the gauge to be deprecated.

## Divisions in LendingTerm._partialRepay get much larger rounding errors than they should
In [_partialRepay](https://github.com/code-423n4/2023-12-ethereumcreditguild/blob/main/src/loan/LendingTerm.sol#L507-L518), `percentRepaid`, `principalRepaid` and `issuanceDecrease` have way more rounding error than they should, leading to a larger difference between the principal repaid and the debt being paid. Let's take the example of `issuanceDecrease`:

```
issuanceDecrease = (borrowAmount * percentRepaid) / 1e18 
= (borrowAmount * ((debtToRepay * 1e18) / loanDebt)) / 1e18
```

Because not all divisions happen after all multiplications (debtToRepay gets divided by loanDebt, then multiplied by borrowAmount, and then divided again by a constant), the final value will accrue much larger rounding errors than if all multiplications were done first.

## Partial repayer can grief loan caller
A loan can be "called" to auction collateral when a repaying hasn't been done more than the time it should. A borrower can call `partialRepay` only when they see a caller trying to `call` the loan, and proceeds to frontrun them. This will effectively grief the caller, because there is no profit incentive whatsoever to the borrower but the caller lost money in a reverted transaction. In fact, this low attack vector is a disincentive to callers, who would rather let somebody else risk calling a loan considering they are subject to being griefed.